DOCUMENTATION OF THE TASK1:
Import Statements:

The code imports necessary libraries: random for randomization and tkinter for creating the graphical user interface (GUI) components.
messagebox is imported from tkinter for displaying message boxes.
Class QuizGameGUI:

This class represents the main GUI window for the quiz game.
Constructor __init__:

Initializes the GUI components and sets up the initial state of the game.
self.questions: A list of dictionaries, each representing a question, its choices, and the correct answer.
self.score: Holds the user's score.
self.current_question_idx: Keeps track of the index of the current question being displayed.
GUI Components Setup:

Labels, buttons, and feedback components are created using Tkinter widgets.
Questions are displayed using a label widget.
Choice buttons are created using a loop, and their labels are populated with choices from the current question.
Feedback label displays correctness feedback.
"Next Question" button allows users to proceed to the next question.
load_question Method:

Takes an index as input and loads the corresponding question and its choices into the GUI components.
Updates the text of the question label and choice buttons.
check_answer Method:

Takes the index of the selected choice as input and compares it to the correct answer for the current question.
Updates the score and provides feedback on the correctness of the answer.
show_feedback Method:

Displays feedback on the user's answer, indicating whether it was correct or incorrect.
Enables the "Next Question" button for the user to proceed.
next_question Method:

Advances to the next question in the sequence if available.
If all questions have been answered, calls the display_final_results method.
display_final_results Method:

Shows a message box with the user's final score at the end of the quiz.
main Function:

Creates the main GUI window using Tkinter and an instance of the QuizGameGUI class.
Enters the main event loop with root.mainloop() to start the GUI interaction.
if __name__ == "__main__": Block:

Calls the main function if the script is run directly, ensuring that the quiz game starts when the script is executed.
Overall, this code creates a basic quiz game where users can answer questions and receive immediate feedback on their answers. It demonstrates the use of Tkinter for creating a graphical user interface and handling user interactions.